feat(php): better usage/explanation of PHP_INI_SCAN_DIR usage to load FPM values in CLI (#527)
CleverCloud/documentation: content/doc/applications/php/_index.md

If you put the `.user.ini` file in a subdirectory; settings will be applied recursively starting from this subdirectory.

#### Same configuration between PHP-CLI and PHP-FPM.

`.user.ini` files aren't loaded by the PHP CLI by default.

However, some PHP applications may want to check for the PHP-FPM configuration pre-requisites, `post_max_size` or `upload_max_filesize` values for example.

To load the PHP-FPM `.user.ini` file during a PHP-CLI process, in a [hook](https://www.clever-cloud.com/developers/doc/develop/build-hooks/), use the `PHP_INI_SCAN_DIR` environment variable to load the additional file.

> Assuming the script is run in the root-folder of the application:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Assuming the script runs in the root-folder of the application:
```

```bash
#!/usr/bin/env bash

export PHP_INI_SCAN_DIR=":."
php myscript.php
```

This appends the current directory while still loading the default configuration.

> **Note**: The `:` at the beginning of the string is mandatory. It indicates defaults files must still be loaded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: The `:` at the beginning of the string is mandatory. It indicates defaults files must still load.
```

A specific `.ini` file can be loaded with:

```
#!/usr/bin/env bash

export PHP_INI_SCAN_DIR=":.php-configuration/"
php myscript.php
```

> This will load every `.ini` files in the `php-configuration/` directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This loads every `.ini` files in the `php-configuration/` directory.
```
